Do you like who you are?
What would people say about you at your funeral?
What would you regret not doing in your life?
What’s the wisest thing you have ever heard someone say?
What lessons in life did you learn to hard way?
How often do your biggest worries and fears come true?
If you had one year left to live, what would you try to achieve?
Do you serve money or does money serve you?
Are you afraid of being your true self around others? Why?
What are you grateful for?
Have you done anything you are proud of lately?
Have you made any recent acts of kindness?
If you knew that you would die tomorrow, what questions would you ask yourself?
If your biggest fears came true, would it matter in five years from now?
How would you describe yourself?
Do you take people’s advice?
Do you get quickly offended?
Do you consider yourself to be a likable person?
‘We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give’ – What does this mean to you?
Are you enriching the lives of others?
Are you living a meaningful life?
What makes a meaningful life?
Would you ever give up your life to save another?
How much would you be willing to sacrifice for people in poverty?
If you could live one day over and over again, what would you choose to do?
Do you think you are important and worthy of affection and love?
What would make you feel more worthy? What do you believe needs to be different about you?
What brings you down the most often?
Would you rather work less (and do the things you enjoy) and have less money?
Where do you find peace?
What is the most important quality you look for in another person?
What is your biggest dream in life?
What is your biggest fear?
How would the world be different if you had never been born?
What life lessons do you wish you knew 10 years ago?
If you could tell your younger self one thing, what would it be?
If your life was a movie, what would the title be?
If your life was a movie, would you enjoy watching it?
What does success mean to you?
If you could be a different person, who would you be?
What was the best day of your life? Why?
What do you look forward to most in life?
What bad habits do you want to ditch?
Who do you look up to and why?
Do you know your partners love language?
Do the people you love most know how much you love them?
Are you satisfied with the depth of your relationships?
What do you owe yourself?
Based on your current day-to-day life, what do you expect to achieve in 5 years from now?
Do you say ‘yes’ too often when you really want to say ‘no’? Why?